I'm Rosie friends its Julie and today
I'm going to talk about the Ruby Lux
amber light bulbs that I have been using
for light therapy on my rosacea prone
skin I have been using this every day
nearly every day I have missed a few
days but almost every single day for the
last few weeks and I feel that I have a
good idea as to how it works and how it
has worked in comparison to a larger and
more expensive eye amber light products
that I previously tried so the product
itself what you get is this it comes in
the box and you get this you can't
really tell that it is an amber light
until you plug it in I did shine that in
my unboxing video if you want to see
what that looks like then I will leave a
link to that video right there I did
wear goggles well I was using this I
don't know if I was supposed to wear
goggles but I always like to protect my
eyes when I'm using light therapy so I
use these that I already had these are
just super sunny goggles so basically to
use this you just take a piece of
plastic wrap and cover it over because
it's going to be applied directly to the
skin so you want to keep it clean and so
you just put that on and then apply it
directly to your skin and hold it there
for 5 to 15 minutes the way that I used
it was about five minutes it wasn't
under five minutes but it was probably
only slightly over five minutes because
I didn't want to wait 15 I used it in
this area right here on my face because
I dedicated this for the red light
therapy that I tested and this - the
blue light therapy so I wanted to make
sure that I could tell which parts of my
skin were benefiting from what color so
I found that this had a very calming
effect as I've experienced with other
amber light therapy in the past I don't
find that it has the kind of healing
properties of the red light therapy but
if I did have a flare-up if my skin was
very very red I found that this day to
ease the sensation quite a bit and it
could bring down a little bit of a
redness it brought it down slightly
faster than the red I found in my skin I
don't know if that's the same for
everybody else that's just how my skin
seems to react to these different
wavelengths I did find that this took
quite a bit longer than the larger
products that I've tried this one takes
as I said
five to 15 minutes and because my
rosacea extends quite over quite a large
part of my face it means that I would
need three sessions if I were to do my
whole face three sessions per side so
that would be a minimum of a half hour
that said this was only $19.99 on Amazon
which means that it is extremely
inexpensive so if you are wondering if
amber life therapy might work for you
this could be a great way to test it out
before spending on a larger product it
does mean that you'll need to actually
touch your skin with it and it does mean
that you will need to spend more time
with it but even if you're just doing a
patch test that's only five minutes per
day that's excellent so you can test to
see if your skin does have a good
reaction or to make sure that it won't
have an adverse reaction I'd recommend
using it for at least maybe three months
that's when I interviewed a
dermatologist that's how long he told me
to give just about any product that I'm
trying on my face you can't really
expect any product from light therapy to
creams or even prescription medications
to work right away your skin has to
rebalance and figure itself out when it
comes to rosacea it really does have to
take some time so um you know this is a
great way to test an area so that you
can see if amber light therapy is gonna
work for you this is also great even if
you are already successfully using amber
light therapy if you want to travel and
not worry about your product because
this is as inexpensive as it is and
because this is very very light this is
super light so because it's just plastic
and it it even sounds like it's hollow I
have no idea what's in there I haven't
cut it open but if you want a very light
something that you can bring with you
and you don't have to worry about it
being smashed because it cost a fortune
then this could be a very good option
for you as well
I personally traveled while I was
testing out the Ruby Lux products and I
brought it with me and it had no problem
at all in fact I just kept them in their
little case in their little bubble wrap
and they didn't get hurt or hurt at all
I have no idea how durable they are but
they definitely resistant my backpack so
I definitely I think these are a great
product I think these are a great price
they would take too long for me to use
on a daily basis on my entire face just
because I also use red so that would
mean that I would need
a half-hour her color so or I would have
to actually hold things against my face
at the same time to try and keep the
time down so that doesn't really work
from you but this is definitely my
travel product I love that I have it if
I were to test the new color I would go
to Ruby Lux first and get the
inexpensive version before actually
investing in a much more expensive
product that would take less time just
because I'm very very impatient
I'm actually really thrilled that
somebody brought these products to my
attention I wasn't actually expecting
them to work as well as the products
that I previously tried and they they
really do they just need a little bit
more time so if you want to test them
out if you want to see if they work for
you
if you've got a little bit more time
than I have or if you want a travel
product these are all great reasons for
Ruby luxe this is not a sponsored video
this is just my honest opinion and I'm
really thrilled but I have these now
these are definitely something that I
will continue to use and I'm really
happy with them but I hope you liked
this video if you did please give it a
thumbs up and if you want to see more
videos like this then I hope you'll
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every Sunday and Thursday and
other than that I'll see you next time